here we go Lisa and I started impact
theory in October 2016 with a group of
some of the most extraordinary human
beings on the planet with one simple
mission to pull people out of the matrix
at scale
[Music]
we got off to a bit of a rough start
with our first interview with Michael
Strahan the paint was literally still
drying on the set as we were recording
the interview today two and a half years
later not only is the paint on the set
dry we're passing 1 million subscribers
on both Facebook and YouTube
[Music]
during the time of building this whole
thing you guys collectively have watched
1745 years of our content on both of
these platforms on Facebook you've
engaged with our post over thirty five
point five million times and on YouTube
you've collectively viewed our
interviews more than 50 million times
beyond the follows the views and the
likes what really matters to us though
is to know that the content is actually
having an impact on you guys that was
the mission from the jump and this
community has become one of the most
amazing things in my life meeting you
guys in real life is truly one of my
greatest joys and whether it's people
that have stayed with me for hours and
hours and hours after a talk to ask
questions or people who've come up to me
randomly on the street just to tell me
how much the content has impacted their
lives or most importantly to me seeing
the way that you guys support each other
every interaction that I've had with
this community has been extraordinary
and without every single one of you
there really is no impact theory it's
this community that makes the impact
that we want to have possible so thank
you guys for the millions of subs that
we've put together for being this large
and extraordinary community we couldn't
be more grateful for you guys being
impacted this for being out there
spreading the message that human
potential truly is limitless if of
course you're willing to put in the work
I hope you guys are as excited as we are
for what's about to come
this truly is just the beginning so
here's to the next decade thank you and
be legendary
take care
[Music]